{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red242\green242\blue242;\red34\green45\blue53;
\red117\green117\blue117;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c26667\c26667\c26667;\cssrgb\c96078\c96078\c96078;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;
\cssrgb\c53333\c53333\c53333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Hello,\
\
Nice project. I think overall it was very good (effectively exactly what the rubric/description called for), but for the sake of the assignment I'll give you some specific things I liked and a bit of constructive feedback:\
\
What I liked:\
Your use of tidyverse style was clean and consistent. You put spacing between operators, changed all the variables to snake_case, etc. I didn't find a single thing that looked off. You even made comments about cool shortcuts or things you hadn't seen before, which was neat and informative. You also included questions about transformations where appropriate, and had succinct responses to the questions (I like the table-wise ratio computation you used to compute ASFR's/ASDR's)\
\
Some other feedback:\
I think the main thing that could be improved, if anything, is the folder/file structure. Your project folder is actually inside of the git folder, causing a duplicate rproject file to be created. Within your project folder, I think it's ok to use labels like "code" instead of "src," etc., but you should probably move the html printed file from "code" to "report," or some other folder of your choice. Finally, in your actual qmd file, you can probably remove the example/instructional comments Victor provided once the notebook is complete, just to make it a bit sleeker.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 Anonymous User\'a0,\'a0Sep 12 at 11:59am\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Regarding style, the only thing I would add is that when adding space for alignment, you would probably want to make both operators and objects to be aligned. On lines 124-126, you align the objects but not the assignment and addition operators. Similarly, the assignment operators on lines 445-447. Also, the right assignment operator on line 296 is better place at the end of line 295.\
\
Regarding file organization, I would add that when/if you move the html file manually to report, you should remember to also move the _files folder, so that the format is not lost.\
\
On your answers, you could have developed the text a bit more. Also, remember to use periods at the end of sentences and check for typos.\
\
The computations you added to help with the answers are a great. Note, however, that for a ratio, the reference value is 1, not 0 (might have been a typo?).\
\
Overall, quite a good job and excellent use of comments.\
\
Next, I will try to answer to your questions.\
\
About the table format, as long as the break in the dashes aligns with the text and the number of dashes exceeds the length of the largest line of text within the column, it is not an issue. Also note that this is not the only way to format tables in markdown. In addition to the spaces, you can also add vertical lines | to indicate the columns; however, when trying to use them, I have found it a bit trickier to work with with long text. Moreover, for tables created from data manipulations, it is best to use the package kable to get them programmatically formatted.\
\
With respect to the dimensions of output, check ?pull\
\
I hope I did not miss any other question.\cb1 \
}